Supper this guy
It turned out to be the doctor's junior brother
What is he capable of?
I can't compare to him
Right.
Supper is really the junior brother of the senior doctor
The senior doctors have said
There can be fake
Li Xiao
Can you treat Grandpa Wu's illness first?
Go back and play chess with the senior doctor?
What's there to play chess with him?
It's all the same boring
Let's go see your grandfather first
OK
Wait a minute.
Your Highness
Just you trash
How could he be the junior brother of a lifetime senior?
I don't believe it. I don't believe it.
The senior doctor is here, don't you believe it?
Let his sister
roll
Okay, so what's the situation now?
Grandpa Bai is terminally ill
10% off the blood can't save him
What!
Blame me